[Applause]
like so many different types of music a
cappella music my favorite a cappella
song probably who ate all the pies it's
a good song in it usually does sing it
at football stadiums you know be a
stadium or whatever usually about a
thousand people sing it and they sing it
to one person disseminate one guy
usually a rotund fellow vote and fellow
not expecting the seven eight and then
all the others always found some people
they were wondering and this was a
serious concern all the pies they all
had that for at the same time maybe
before the game we don't even know that
maybe all four who ate all the pies
before this go go no football maybe we
can check out some suspects over there
start interrogating individuals
they booked out a whole side one of the
stands and they've looked around until
they saw someone who looked like they
might know a thing or two about the pies
the whereabouts of the pies that's
suspicious is fellow and they asked him
everyone asked him is song it starts off
who ate all the pies is the first line
of the song which is it you get right to
it with who ate all the pies you don't
mess around skirt and around the main
issue who ate all the pies and then they
needed a second line and they went
if you can't improve on the first line
why bother so second lines to make it
crystal clear what they want to know in
case you don't want to ask a second
question on the second line and then
they answer that and ignore the pressing
one was Nero and I say Who I tore the
pies and then have you seen my dog and
then they like I'll answer the question
too and then they'll probably forget
about the pipe go straight in there
twice who ate all the pies who ate all
the pies is what we want to don't even
pretend like we don't know what we're
talking about is exactly what we want to
know from you don't pretend like you
don't know who ate all the pies who ate
all the pies then there is a twist will
blow your goddamn mind you won't even
see I never saw this twist coming you
probably won't either
they revealed that they actually knew
all along
from the star who ate all the pies they
all knew it they all knew every single
one of them knew and they were asking
him just to see what he'd do but then
they'd go guess what mate it was you you
ask it towards the person you least
suspect he would expect themselves in
that situation you ate all the pies and
not evidence for this is that you I fat
bastard that is we need to bring to the
table now you may not see your lawyer
[Applause]
[Music]